README.md, before:


# QR Code Component - Frontend Mentor Challenge

The project is a single web page with a centered QR code card.
    
This project is a challenge from the Frontend Mentor website, a platform where developers can practice and improve their skills by building web applications based on provided designs. Although the project was originally intended to be built using HTML5 and CSS3, I chose to implement it using React in order to further develop my React.js skills.


## Features

- Responsive layout for mobile and desktop
- Centered QR Code card design
- Built with reusable React components
- Clean and minimal UI


## What I learnd

- How to structure a small React Project
- How to create a reusable React component
- Styling a React component and the App.jsx
- Improving layout responsiveness with CSS3


## 🛠 Skills

[![](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,react)](https://skillicons.dev)

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- React.js


## Support

If you have any question or suggestion about this project, feel free to contact me through my Github profile or email <a href="ematilto:developer.wesllen@gmail.com">developer.wesllen@gmail.com</a>.


## Authors

- [@WesllenCarmo](https://www.github.com/WesllenCarmo) - Web Developer

Commit message:

Enhance README with live preview and screenshots
Updated README to include live preview link, screenshots, and corrected typos.

README.md, after:


# QR Code Component - Frontend Mentor Challenge

The project is a single web page with a centered QR code card.
    
This project is a challenge from the Frontend Mentor website, a platform where developers can practice and improve their skills by building web applications based on provided designs. Although the project was originally intended to be built using HTML5 and CSS3, I chose to implement it using React in order to further develop my React.js skills. <a href="https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/qr-code-component-iux_sIO_H">Click here</a> to access the challenge page.

## Live Preview

[View Live Project](https://qr-code-component-neon-zeta.vercel.app/)

## Screenshots

### Desktop
<p align="center">
    <img src="./screenshots/desktop.png" width="800" alt="A desktop preview of a website with a QR code card centered in a light-blue-coloured background" />
</p>

### Mobile

<p align="center">
    <img src="./screenshots/mobile.png" width="350" alt="A mobile preview of a website with a QR code card centered in a light-blue-coloured background"/>
</p>


## Features

- Responsive layout for mobile and desktop
- Centered QR code card design
- Built with reusable React components
- Clean and minimal UI


## What I learned

- How to structure a small React project
- How to create a reusable React component
- Styling a React component and the App.jsx
- Improving layout responsiveness with CSS3


## Skills

[![](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,react)](https://skillicons.dev)

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- React.js


## Support

If you have any questions or suggestions about this project, feel free to contact me through my GitHub profile or email <a href="mailto:developer.wesllen@gmail.com">developer.wesllen@gmail.com</a>.


## Authors

- [@WesllenCarmo](https://www.github.com/WesllenCarmo) - Web Developer
